mmm oh this is so meaty oh shut up we
were asked to make a music video for
will Shire farms little Smokies when the
video was shown we were immediately
fired and they vowed to never work with
us ever again what we're releasing it
anyway cuz rattles dude we're out of
nachos you got anything else well I
could put the meat in your mouth
what
you play a game something green nobody
why do
no you love it when
you're out on a date Mackin on sis to
your girls
so what do you mean around you put that
mean first dates are always right will
you put that meat
Oh her mom come back as you were out
late I know she's Billy all right
mom's always look
you turn with the door
the games almost do Peter never came so
water you do you with a beat you with a
meeting about dues though the truth
when you're home mom'll only wanna try
something new you look down at you
what do you do
when I beat your back
but that means the rest of the video was
damaged when bull Shire farms through
the video out the window to see
behind-the-scenes footage and bloopers
click the link in the description below
then get the song on iTunes and me in
people's mouths click the subscribe
button to get some meat in your mouth I
wish I could get meat in my mouth